[toc]
# Reviewer(s) Comments:  
## Reviewer: 1  
  Comments to the Author  
The proposed MDFformer model in this paper achieves cross-modal feature fusion and multi-scale detail enhancement in remote sensing cross-modal semantic segmentation tasks by introducing the CSFM and SDEM modules and employing a deep supervision strategy. It achieved SRFaccuracies of 92.04% and 91.2% on the Vaihingen and Potsdam datasets, demonstrating notable innovation and effectiveness. However, the study still has the following issues:  
1. the author mentions the two key innovative modules, CSFM and SDEM, the introduction does not provide a detailed explanation of how these modules collaborate to achieve multimodal fusion or what makes them unique compared to existing methods. This may lead readers to question the model's uniqueness and advantages.  
2. some technical details and parameter settings lack clear explanations. For instance, key parameters such as the channel split ratio in the CSFM module and the kernel size and number in the SDEM module are not specifically explained.  
3. the paper also lacks discussion regarding critical aspects such as how the model addresses the heterogeneity between cross-modal data and how it learns features across multiple scales.  
  
4. Calculation of oa, kappa can be found in the following paper:  
doi: [10.1109/JSTARS.2024.3486774](https://doi.org/10.1109/JSTARS.2024.3486774).  
doi: [10.1109/JSTARS.2024.3439560](https://doi.org/10.1109/JSTARS.2024.3439560).  
5. the paper lacks analysis of the model's training time and inference efficiency. Suggestion: Add experiments to evaluate the computational efficiency and practical applicability of the model for real-world deployment scenarios.  
6. the paper exhibits non-standard practices such as improper labeling of figures/tables and ambiguous definitions of symbols in formulas. Suggestions: Supplement and improve the standardization of experimental descriptions and their corresponding result interpretations.  
  
## Reviewer: 2  
  
Comments to the Author  
This manuscript proposed a multi-scale dual-modal fusion model based on Segformer, namely MDFformer. However, this work has critical deficiencies in literature research and method design:  
1. In this manuscript, there are very few works were published after 2023. This does not meet the requirements of review, and it also means that the authors did not compare performance with the latest methods. Thus, it will make the innovation and superiority of this article unreliable.  
2. The backbone network segformer adopted in this work is relatively outdated. The author should conduct research and development based on the updated backbones.  
3. Most importantly, the modal fusion technology adopted in this work is very common. The Reviewer considers that it is difficult to provide insights for the development of this field.  
4. There is a lack of necessary Spaces in many places in the text. The author needs to carefully check the correctness of the representation.  
  
## Reviewer: 3  
  
Comments to the Author  
Reviewer(s)' Comments to Author:  
This paper proposes a novel multi-scale dual-modal fusion model (MDFformer) based on Segformer for RS. The experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms the existing methods. In general, the idea of this paper technically makes sense; and the manuscript is easy to follow. Hence, I may suggest a minor revision for this work. However, the following issues should be addressed:  
Detailed comments:  
1.  Although the English is acceptable, but in certain places there are some typos and grammatical errors in the manuscript. It is suggested that the whole work should be carefully checked and revised.  
2. In the introduction section, the authors should insert main contributions precisely avoiding unnecessary details in a bullet form at the end of this section. It would be better to write the contributions in terms of problems that were solved.  
3.  What is the physical meaning of Equation (1)?  
4. Most of the references are outdated and need to be updated with some recent works in 2024 and 2025 especially attention mechanism and feature fusion-based methods, to provide a clearer context for the reader and showcase the necessity and value of the proposed approach. However, it should be good to add these recent works in the Introduction section:  
a. "Spatio-Temporal Feature Fusion and Guide Aggregation Network for Remote Sensing Change Detection." IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing (2024).  
b. "Hyperspectral Image Super-Resolution via Dual-domain Network Based on Hybrid Convolution." IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing (2024).  
c. "Vman: visual-modified attention network for multimodal paradigms." The Visual Computer (2024): 1-18.  
d. "Hyperrectangle Embedding for Debiased 3D Scene Graph Prediction From RGB Sequences," in IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence,2025.  
e. "HCMPE-Net: An unsupervised network for underwater image restoration with multi-parameter estimation based on homology constraint." Optics & Laser Technology186 (2025): 112616.  
f. "History-Enhanced 3D Scene Graph Reasoning from RGB-D Sequences," in IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology, 2025.  
5. In the “Experiments” section, the structure is good, but the authors should add an analysis of the limitations of the proposed method, and the potential future directions for improvement. For example, you can discuss the following before the “Conclusion”:  
SpectrumRecombineFormer[i] and Data augmentation[ii] provide methodologies for combining diverse data sources, which can enhance the performance. Furthermore, Latent features and graph neural networks [iii], and hypergraph[iv] offer advanced techniques for modeling complex relationships and incorporating additional information, which could improve feature consistency representation. These could be adapted to improve the accuracy for the future directions.  
>[i]SRF: SpectrumRecombineFormer for Hyperspectral Image Classification, ACM Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications and Applications 2025. [ii] Data augmentation and few-shot change detection in forest remote sensing, IEEE Journal of Selected Topics in Applied Earth Observations and Remote Sensing 2023. [iii] When latent features meet side information: A preference relation based graph neural network for collaborative filtering, Expert Systems with Applications 2025. [iv] Hypergraph BiFormer for Semantic Segmentation of High-Resolution Remote Sensing Images, IEEE Transactions on geoscience and Remote Sensing 2025.  
>
6. In Tables 1 and 2, it is better to cite the reference number beside the network name.




<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTMzMTkxNzcwXX0=
-->