[toc]
# Comments from the Editor

Your manuscript GRSL-01446-2025: MDFformer: A Multi-Scale Dual-Modal Fusion Transformer for Semantic Segmentation has been reviewed by the GRSL Editorial Review Board and recommended for publication subject to satisfactory response to minor revisions suggested. The revision must be submitted within 21 days of receiving this decision letter.  
It is recommended that you resubmit your manuscript as revised in accordance with the Editorial Review Board comments given below. Full instructions for submitting your revision can be found at the bottom of this letter.

Along with the revised manuscript, please provide an item-by-item response to reviewers' comments, including:  
  
* Which suggested changes were accepted and made.  
* Which were ignored (these should be indicated and justified).  
* Where the changes were made in the manuscript (this should include all changes with detailed information).  
  
***Please note that papers longer than 5 pages will not be considered, even after revision***  
  
GRSL policy requires your revised manuscript to be returned within 21 days.  
  
**PLEASE BE SURE TO FIRST DETAIL THE CHANGES YOU HAVE MADE IN RESPONSE TO THE REVIEWERS COMMENTS BEFORE UPLOADING YOUR REVISION.**  
  
**YOU MAY SUBMIT YOUR REVISION WITH HIGHLIGHTED OR TRACKED CHANGES, BUT A CLEAN COPY MUST ALSO BE SUBMITTED**


# Associate Editor Comments
Although the authors responded to reviewer comments. The current read of the letter needs improvements. My recommendation is that the authors pay attention to the **writing and grammar**. 
In particular, **the problem formulation** is poorly articulated. The presented narrative lacks a coherent presentation of statements and arguments of the quality expected for GRSL. 

Below I list examples of inconsistencies from the text.  
  
“Remote sensing image interpretation is a crucial technology for Earth observation and geoscience research, and multimodal fusion techniques are key to improving semantic segmentation accuracy.” 
>> Remote sensing image interpretation is not a technology but a process.  
>>修改这一句话的表述即可

“CNN-based methods, due to the limited receptive field, suffer from inadequate long-range contextual modeling.” 
>>Okay, so how does this relate to the problem that you are going to address? What is that problem?
>>用于指出CNN的缺陷，对于长距离建模能力差，但是
  
“While Transformer-based methods focus on various aspects and effectively improve accuracy, they are not efficient when handling multi-scale information. Therefore, this work proposes a multiscale dual-modal fusion Transformer, namely MDFformer, to integrate RGB and DSM cross-modal interaction information
...  
These address the feature fusion using CNNs but struggle with long-range dependencies and global context since a limited receptive field. The success of transformer architecture alleviates the aforementioned difficulty, thanks to the attention mechanism, which is reflected in the absence of performance saturation and long-range dependency issues…Transformer-based architecture also improves RGB-DSM semantic segmentation.”  
  
>> As reflected in this passage, the study states that transformer-based methods are not efficient, and yet the authors are proposing a transformer-based multiscale dual-modal fusion? This narrative is confusing.  
>>应该具体到其余的方法中的模块，而不是Transformer的结构，说出其他方法的模块的缺陷，---开销大，不够高效。在高分辨率下效果不尽人意
>>然后指出你的具体的模块，比如CSFM, SDEM, DS的高效性


Reviewer(s) Comments:  
Reviewer: 1  
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTQzNzQ1NTk2NV19
-->